[Marketplace Contribution] Forti Sandbox - Content Pack Update (#20564)
demisto/content: Packs/FortiSandbox/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Integrations
##### FortiSandbox
- Fixed an issue where ***fortisandbox-upload-file*** command were failing due to file not found error.

> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.5.31928*.

Reviewer: If we changed the currentVersion, let's also change the name of this RN to 1_0_3.md

Reviewer 2: Done

#### Integrations
##### FortiSandbox

> - Updated docker image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Fixed file path issue in fortisandbox-upload-file command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where ***fortisandbox-upload-file*** command were failing due to file not found error.
```
